**story**
It was a cold, cloudy and foggy day. 
The warmth and the light from the sun hadn’t been showing for 3 days straight and it just stopped pouring rain. 
Nikocado Avocado had just finished filming a fast-food mukbang for his YouTube channel, hoping to go viral and get a few million views. 
He had short black hair and a ovular face. 
The sclera in his eye was bleached a bright red from crying and ranting about a new topic and he was wearing his signature red t-shirt which just barely wrapped around his plump body. 
His channel had been doing great, especially after he left Orlin, but Nikocado still wondered what Orlin was doing, even after the break-up. 
Although Nik didn’t want to think about him, he couldn’t get Orlin out of his head.
Distressed about his dilemma, Nikocado decided to sit on his swing outside, he walked towards his garbage can, the wooden floor of his house creaking with each step. 
When he got there, he threw out all the garbage from his most recent mukbang video. 
He then made his way to the door. 
He proceeded to open the egg white door and when it opened, it made the sound of a rusty gate swinging open. 
When he went outside he could feel the breeze brushing up against his hair. 
He could hear the breeze rustling against the leaves on the trees. 
As he walked, he stepped on numerous sticks which made a cracking sound. 
He liked to sit on his swing whenever he felt sad or angry or any other emotion apart from happy. 
Distraught, he sat there and pondered about why he broke up with Orlin in the first place. 
While thinking about all of the problems going on in his life, the grease and oil from the 4 lbs of fast food that Nikocado just ate started to slowly leak onto the bolts of the swing. 
Without knowing this, Nik started to swing while the bolts were starting to break. 
He didn’t realize, but the more he swung, the faster the grease leaked onto the bolts. 
He went back and forth and while swinging, the swing was making a clinking noise. 
After swinging and swinging, the bolts were starting to break from the oil and along with the weight of Nikocado, the swing couldn’t take it anymore. 
Nikocado quickly tumbled backwards, rolling like a ball into the body of water behind him and right then and there, the impact of him hitting the ground caused him to close his eyes and blackout.
Nikocado slowly opened his eyes and his vision was blurry. 
He tried to open his mouth and speak, but the second his mouth opened, water entered and he tasted the bitter taste of chlorine. 
It took his eyes a few seconds to adjust to the darkness of the water and when he finally fully awoke he was incredibly confused as to what happened. 
He was underwater but somehow didn’t feel wet. 
He felt cold but somehow had this warm feeling in his body. 
Nikocado could feel the damp, slippery and soggy sand brushing up against the soles of his feet, sending a strange, tingling sensation up through his body. 
Nikocado wondered how long he had been asleep for, so he looked up and saw the bright light of the moon and stars. 
He looked around at his surroundings and finally figured out why he was at the bottom of a lake. 
He remembered that the swing had broken because of the food he had eaten and how he had fallen into the lake behind him. 
But, the thing that Nikocado was most perplexed by was how he was able to properly see and breathe at the very bottom of the lake. 
Baffled, Nikocado attempted to push off the ground and swim back up to the surface but a heavy object wrapped around his ankle pulled him back down. 
He looked at his foot and saw that he was chained to the floor of the lake.
